# Results

Results of Peer Rank (PR) and Peer Discussion (PD) are stored in separate folders.

The `peer_rank` folder contains results of Peer Rank (PR).

(To Be Added)

The `peer_discussion` folder contains results of Peer Discussion (PD). By default, the directory tree is as follows:

```bash
- peer_discussion
|-- lfqa
|   |-- all-data-{reviewer1}-{reviewer2}-{multi}-{explicit}.json
|   |-- rating-{reviewer}-temperature-{temperature}-{explicit}.json
|   |-- {reviewer1}-{reviewer2}-discussion-{multi}-{explicit}-log.txt
|   |-- gather_all.py
|-- vicuna80
    |-- all-data-{reviewer1}-{reviewer2}-{multi}-{explicit}.json
    |-- {reviewer1}-{reviewer2}-discussion-{multi}-{explicit}-log.txt
    |-- gather_all.py
```

Each dataset has a corresponding result folder. `rating-*` files for Vicuna80 are in the [vicuna80 dataset](../data/vicuna80) folder.

Default files follow the following naming rules:

1. `rating-{reviewer}-temperature-{temperature}-{explicit}.json`
   - Files follow this naming rule contain reviews generated by large language model (LLM) reviewers.
   - `{reviewer}` is the name of reviewers.
   - `{temperature}` describe the temperature used to generate reviews.
   - `{explicit}` indicates that there are explicit instructions in prompts.
2. `all-data-{reviewer1}-{reviewer2}-{multi}-{explicit}.json`
   - Files follow this naming rule contain all information of two reviewers and their initial reviews.
   - Discussion history will be added to this file after discussion between `reviewer 1` and `reviewer 2`.
   - `{reviewer1}`, `{reviewer2}`, and `{explicit}` are the same as above.
   - `{multi}` indicates that whether a system prompt is concatenated after each turn.
3. `{reviewer1}-{reviewer2}-discussion-{multi}-{explicit}-log.txt`
   - Files follow this naming rule only contain discussion history between `{reviewer1}` and `{reviewer2}`, which `{reviewer1}` leads the discussion.
   - `{reviewer1}`, `{reviewer2}`, `{multi}`, and `{explicit}` are the same as above.
4. `gather_all.py`
   - This file gathers review of two reviewers (files named after the rule 1) and generate a file contains all information (a file named after the rule 2).